Add Arista EOS remote file copy (#365)
networktocode/pyntc: docs/user/lib_getting_started.md

#### Remote File Copy (Download to Device)

> Some devices support copying files directly from a URL to the device. This is useful for larger files like OS images.  To do this, you need to use the `FileCopyModel` data model to specify the source file information and then pass that to the `remote_file_copy` method. Currently only supported on Cisco IOS, Juniper Junos, and Arista EOS devices. Tested with ftp, http, https, sftp, and tftp urls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some devices support copying files directly from a URL to the device. This is useful for large files like OS images.  To do this, you need to use the `FileCopyModel` data model to specify the source file information and then pass that to the `remote_file_copy` method.  The model is currently supported on Cisco IOS, Juniper Junos, and Arista EOS devices. It has been tested with ftp, http, https, sftp, and tftp urls.
```
